DM: Add more notes for MariaDB (#22087)
pingcap/docs: dm/dm-compatibility-catalog.md

- For MariaDB **10.5.11 and later**, the DM **precheck fails** due to privilege name changes (for example, `BINLOG MONITOR`, `REPLICATION SLAVE ADMIN`, `REPLICATION MASTER ADMIN`). The error appears as `[code=26005] fail to check synchronization configuration` in the replication privilege, dump privilege, and dump connection number checkers.
- You can **bypass the precheck** by adding `ignore-checking-items: ["all"]` in the DM task. See [DM precheck](/dm/dm-precheck.md) for details.

> - For MariaDB 11.4 and later, you must set the [`binlog_legacy_event_pos`](https://mariadb.com/docs/server/ha-and-performance/standard-replication/replication-and-binary-log-system-variables#binlog_legacy_event_pos) variable to `OFF`.

Author: ```suggestion
- For MariaDB 11.4 and later, you must set the [`binlog_legacy_event_pos`](https://mariadb.com/docs/server/ha-and-performance/standard-replication/replication-and-binary-log-system-variables#binlog_legacy_event_pos) variable to `ON`.
```

- For MariaDB **10.5.11 and later**, the DM **precheck fails** due to privilege name changes (for example, `BINLOG MONITOR`, `REPLICATION SLAVE ADMIN`, `REPLICATION MASTER ADMIN`). The error appears as `[code=26005] fail to check synchronization configuration` in the replication privilege, dump privilege, and dump connection number checkers.
- You can **bypass the precheck** by adding `ignore-checking-items: ["all"]` in the DM task. See [DM precheck](/dm/dm-precheck.md) for details.

> - For MariaDB 11.4 and later, you must set the [`binlog_legacy_event_pos`](https://mariadb.com/docs/server/ha-and-performance/standard-replication/replication-and-binary-log-system-variables#binlog_legacy_event_pos) variable to `ON`.

Reviewer: Add the related code PR in this PR's description?  We can know which versions should be cherry-picked (Sorry I'm busy and still have no time to review that PR)

> - Starting DM on a new/fresh MariaDB instance with an empty `gtid_binlog_pos` can cause issues, avoid this by creating at least one transaction. See [GitHub pingcap/tiflow#12423](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/12423).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Before you start DM on a new MariaDB instance, verify that `gtid_binlog_pos` is not empty. If it is empty, execute at least one transaction to initialize it. Otherwise, DM might fail to track MariaDB GTIDs. For details, see [pingcap/tiflow#12423](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/12423).
```
